Refactor(eos_designs): Simplify WAN policies (#3719)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/wan-preview.md

  - If no policy is assigned for the `default` VRF policy, AVD auto generates one with one `default_virtual_topology` entry configured to use all available local path-groups.
  - For the policy defined for VRF `default` (or the auto-generared one), an extra match statement is injected in the policy to match the traffic towards the Pathfinders or AutoVPN RRs, the name of the application-profile is hardcoded as `APP-PROFILE-CONTROL-PLANE`. A special policy is created by appending `-WITH-CP` at the end of the targetted policy name.
  - For HA, the considered interfaces are only the `uplink_interfaces` in VRF default. It is possible to disable HA under node settings.

>   - For a given application profile match in a WAN policy, if the path-groups in the input data have an empty intersection with the path-groups on the device (no common path-group), the match statement / AVT profile is **NOT** configured on the device. This implies that the traffic could be matched in another following match statetment, in the default match statement or if absent, dropped.

Author: ```suggestion
  - For a given application profile match in a WAN policy, if the path-groups in the input data have an empty intersection with the path-groups on the device (no common path-group), the match statement / AVT profile is **NOT** configured on the device. This implies that the traffic could be matched in one of the following application profiles or the default virtual topology. Note that the default virtual topology can be configured to drop traffic.
```

- The name of the AVT policies and AVT profiles are configurable in the input variables. The Load Balance policies are named `LB-<profile_name>` and are not configurable.
- For LAN, the current supported funcitonality is to use `uplink_type: p2p-vrfs` on the WAN routers and to have the relevant VRFs present on the uplink switches via `network_services`. Other LAN scenarios will come with time.
- HA for AutoVPN is not supported

> - All the WAN router must have a common path-group with at least one WAN route server to be able to inject the default control-plane match statement in the VRF default WAN policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All the WAN routers must have a common path-group with at least one WAN route server to be able to inject the default control-plane match statement in the VRF default WAN policy.
```
